hi everyone and welcome to the cookbook
kitchen I'm Eileen Avery here's a great
summertime twist to penne pasta joining
us as LC Ramos from the TV show Hell's
Kitchen LC has written a new cookbook
called turkey tacos and a rural school
moyo from the book show show us how to
make sausage and penne with Elsie's
vinaigrette here's what you'll need to
make this fabulous dish if you want to
print out a list of ingredients and
step-by-step instructions head over to
our website digital cookbook TV LC
thanks for being here today I see you've
already started yes and here in my pan I
have sweet and hot italian sausages
mm-hmm just just sauteed and heat it
through I use my spoon to sort of cut it
up but you want to leave it some nice
little chunks almost like meatballs or
something and this isn't typical Puerto
Rican dishes oh no no this is very easy
anyone can make this and it's not it's
not necessarily a Puerto Rican dish but
one that I sort of created a lot of
necessity when I had unexpected company
come over I had some of my family
members come over and I remember having
looking at my pantry and saying okay
I've got pasta and the only meat i had
was the sausages so mixed it together
and it's become one of the favorites
there you go and you put a little bit of
bigger famous vinaigrette yes my
vinaigrette which is basically very easy
this is my vinegar mm-hmm my minced
onions my minced garlic what kind of
vinegar do you use just white wine
distilled vinegar okay when you get a
sub a red wine vinegar I can do that you
probably could I just prefer to use the
regular kind put some salt and pepper
and get that going there too much then I
have some lemon juice very little just
to give it a nice little tart flavor and
then i have my fresh chopped cilantro
which you ever use dried cilantro yeah
yes I've used both actually whatever
whatever I have on hand whatever's the
quickest thing to get at the time i will
definitely useful and then lastly i'm
going to add some tiny bit of olive oil
just to get that you see cilantro and a
lot of Puerto Rican cooking oh yeah I
mean well it's it's the number one
ingredient in Puerto Rican cookies
because it's essentially used in sofrito
which you put into everything okay I
mean cilantro offers such a wonderful
aroma to lots of dishes and great great
great flavor and sofrito is a seasoning
seasoning yes it's sort of like a it's
sort of like a paste of some sort you
can create you know you can mix of
batches of it and just keep it in the
fridge for long periods of time and I
use it for everything you can use it to
marinate to meet in it you can use it
for you rice or your even your pasta
dishes okay and you have that recipe in
your book yes I do yes I do now you were
on the show hell's kitchen with a chef
Gordon Ramsay yes and one of the
finalists I might add how did you come
about how did you get on that show well
incidentally I have to invoice and
there's a what there's a website which a
group of my friends actually hold
actually manage it's called twins
worldcom and I used to look at it all
the time because they were always
looking for twins to do commercials or
TV shows because they were always you
know they were always on high demand and
then this this show this audition came
up about hell's kitchen and my friend
Lisa who knew I'd love to cook she says
look you don't have to be a twin to do
this you have to go and I was like well
I have a job I can't fly out to Los
Angeles she says don't worry you've come
to come to my apartment will do a taping
of you and she said the tape in and the
rest was history really yeah what was
the recipe that you made on the tape
well I didn't actually have to cook all
i have to do was sort of introduce my
background and stuff like that so that
got me and got me into the show it was a
great experience and what were some of
the favorites on the show of your of
your cooking well i mean i actually made
this wonderful chicken soup which was
one of the challenges it wouldn't be one
of the best prizes of the show because i
got to cook on television with gordon
ramsay and it was just basically he gave
me the ingredients that he had and said
create something and it was it was
hilarious so because I laughter the
whole segment because everyone came back
with you know with these fancy little
dishes and here I had a big bowl of
chicken
sooo and he says you know what if I were
in a restaurant I would definitely buy
that Wow so that was amazing as that
recipe and your and I buzz lutely what's
up mates well it's um Elsie's chicken
soup okay Elsie's famous famous chicken
famous oh that's what made exactly like
in the book I will see the recipe and
it's wonderful ok so the vinaigrette is
it done yes next it's really well now
and my meat has already browned really
nicely so i'm going to use spoon slotted
spoon just to get some of the oil out ok
and spool that ride into the pasta make
a little bit healthier without yeah yeah
and it really some of the oils leave
some of it behind but you also want some
of it so that it looks nice and moist
labor yeah now why did you name your
book turkey tacos and adoro skin boil
well the the book title came back from
the publisher the publisher actually
knew me from the show and he wanted
something that people would recognize
and remember before and the turkey tacos
were it I mean because in a show like
hell's kitchen where everybody was
making all these fancy dishes it was the
one thing that Gordon Ramsay
complimented me on so that was the
connection and so we also wanted to make
sure that people knew where my bankroll
my background was and what I usually
cook and that's synonymous with Puerto
Rican dishes otoscope boyo it's famous
for that so that's where that came about
ok now i put my sausages in there and
i'm going to include my marinade and
that's about it isn't it this is it this
is it and you know what you can serve
this right away warm or you can leave it
in the fridge and serve it chilled on a
summer day when you have barbecues and
stuff and just bring this out it's so
refreshing and so nice look how easy
this is I mean my kids can make this now
no surprise but yeah they can so this is
a great week Daniel especially for a
busy family and you can make tons of it
if you have a family over you can feed
six or 20 in no time well lets us spin
some into the bowl yes sir yes sir
that's fam you're a nigger used to
cooking with the Gordon Ramsey
here we go give me some of that sausage
in there okay and sprinkle some of that
Parmesan cheese there Parmesan cheese
voila look at that look at that simple
easy I'm going to delicious and
delicious delicious can't wait and you
know you have the sweet sausage and you
have the hot sausage a little
combination of both very simple yes very
flavorful I like the vinaigrette yeah
being delicious thanks for shopping bud
to order the turkey tacos and arrows con
pollo cookbook use product code C 122
and call one eight six six two four six
one eight eight eight or shop online at
digital cook book TV
it was great having Elsie cook with us
today if you'd like a list of
ingredients and step-by-step
instructions for this or any other
recipe from our series head over to our
website digital cookbook TVs we're quick
and easy cooking is always a click away
I'm Eileen Avery I'll see you next time
appliances for the cookbook kitchen
provided by de corps guest of the
cookbook kitchen enjoyed overnight
accommodations at the hyatt regency
philadelphia Penn's Landing for more
information please visit our website at
select on-demand com or email us at
programs that select on-demand com made
for on-demand